Updated User Story:
US3: View potential matches. Logged-in users (see US2) will be shown their similarity score (based on their music) with another user profile, only users with matches above 0% are shown. The logged-in user will see potential matches. Each profile will have their first name and match score as a percentage displayed. The profile can “meet the other user” and see more of their profile to interact (see US4). . Furthermore, the other users' top 3 artists will be displayed underneath their name. Each of the users are displayed in their own box and each one has a button to “get events for us” (see US5).  

















OLD: 
US3: View potential matches. Logged-in users (see US2) will be shown their similarity score (based on their music) with another user profile. The logged-in user will see potential matches. Each profile will have their picture with their first name and pronouns displayed on top. If they are verified, a checkmark symbol will be shown next to their name. Furthermore, the music similarity percentage will be displayed underneath the picture. At the bottom, there will be an option to indicate interest for a match (see US3.1), reject a match (see US3.2), or initiate an instant chat with the profile (see US3.3). Lastly, the user will be shown another profile, and the process repeats.  
    US3.1 Indicate interest. The user swipes right or clicks the checkmark to indicate an interest to match with the profile. The other profile may reciprocate the match acceptance, and the user will see a notification if it’s a mutual match (see US4)
    US3.2 Indicate non-interest. The user swipes left or clicks the X button at the bottom of the page to indicate that they are not interested to match with that specific profile. This option will reject the potential to match with the other profile, and the profile will not be shown to this user again in the future. 
    US3.3 Initiate instant chat. The user swipes up or clicks a button at the bottom of the page. The button is a star. A user gets a limited number of these a day and could use it to initiate an instant chat without needing mutual interest.